You sent us
aircraft carriers. With what you did, you made us proud of
ourselves. I hold my head up high. The whole
unjust world is conspiring against us. I am not conspiring, but by word of mouth.
They sent missiles, they sent planes, they sent an
aircraft carrier, they sent soldiers, they sent such-and-such,
they sent an army, and they sent intelligence. Oh, Gaza is
strong. I am proud that I am  From Gaza, I am proud of this
country that everyone has conspired against, and despite all
this, the world is conspiring against us, and I help and sell planes,
tanks, and missiles, tools of oppression. Oh, I am proud to say,
and raise my head high, that I am from a region
that one day the whole world will conspire against, and the
whole world will war against it.